feat: if condition exists, updating it, otherwise inserting it to the conditions list in the CRD, in the reconcile function (#260)
confidential-clusters/cocl-operator: tests/README.md

```

Each test can also be run independently using cargo test. Example:

> Note: before running independent tests, make sure TRUSTEE_IMAGE, APPROVED_IMAGE, TEST_IMAGE, RUST_LOG, REGISTRY, TAG env variables are set. Also run `make trusted-cluster-gen` to create the minimal/default boiler-plate yaml manifests for the TEC.

Reviewer: nit: can you split this also in a separate commit

> Note: before running independent tests, make sure TRUSTEE_IMAGE, APPROVED_IMAGE, TEST_IMAGE, RUST_LOG, REGISTRY, TAG env variables are set. Also run `make trusted-cluster-gen` to create the minimal/default boiler-plate yaml manifests for the TEC.

Reviewer 2: good addition, but nit for flow & formatting
```suggestion
Each test can also be run independently using cargo test.
Before running independent tests, run `make trusted-cluster-gen` to create the default boiler-plate yaml manifests for the TEC and make sure `TRUSTEE_IMAGE`, `APPROVED_IMAGE`, `TEST_IMAGE`, `RUST_LOG`, `REGISTRY`, `TAG` env variables are set.

Example:
```
